Introducing service principal creation policies (#13608)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/defaultuserroleoverride-update.md

localization_priority: Normal
author: "abhijeetsinha"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Update defaultUserRoleOverride

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of a [defaultUserRoleOverride](../resources/defaultuserroleoverride.md) object.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | Policy.ReadWrite.Authorization|
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Policy.ReadWrite.Authorization|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH /policies/authorizationPolicy/authorizationPolicy/defaultUserRoleOverrides/{defaultUserRoleOverrideId}
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

> In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [defaultUserRoleOverride](../resources/defaultuserroleoverride.md) object.
> 
> |Property|Type|Description|
> |:---|:---|:---|
> |isDefault|Boolean|Indicates whether the Microsoft default setting is in use. Set to `true` to remove overridden **rolePermissions** values and revert back to Microsoft's default setting. Set to `false` when overriding **rolePermissions* to customize [users default permissions](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions).|
> |rolePermissions|[unifiedRolePermission](../resources/unifiedrolepermission.md) collection| The list of [role permissions](../resources/unifiedrolepermission.md) which indicate [users' default permissions](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions) in the organization, for the scenario identified by the **id** property. Adding, updating or removing items from  the **rolePermissions** collection can be used to customize the default user permissions for that scenario. |

Reviewer: Replacing the wrong boilerplate text provided by stub gen.
```suggestion
In the request body, supply the values for relevant properties that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance, do not include properties that are not changing.

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|isDefault|Boolean|Indicates whether the Microsoft default setting is in use. Set to `true` to remove overridden **rolePermissions** values and revert back to Microsoft's default setting. Set to `false` when overriding **rolePermissions* to customize [users default permissions](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions). Optional.|
|rolePermissions|[unifiedRolePermission](../resources/unifiedrolepermission.md) collection| The list of [role permissions](../resources/unifiedrolepermission.md) which indicate [users' default permissions](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions) in the organization, for the scenario identified by the **id** property. Adding, updating, or removing items from  the **rolePermissions** collection can be used to customize the default user permissions for that scenario. Optional. |
```
